[students chattering]
[Mirai] I'm an ordinary student
starting an ordinary term
at an ordinary high school.
My next three years start now.
[eerie music]
An angel?
Is it Metropoliman's?
Okay, calm down.
Nasse is nowhere near me.
He has no way of knowing
I'm a God candidate.
I just need to act
natural as I walk past.
Too late.
Nice try, but you
reacted to seeing me.
You're sweating bullets.
I didn't know a God
candidate was so close by.
What seems to be the problem?
Why are you so nervous?
This isn't your first time
seeing an angel, is it?
No. But that has to mean...
Who is it that you're with?
I'm attached to a student
who attends this school
who's standing right behind you.
[Mirai gasps]
[Mirai] Saki?
Mirai, is that you?
[Mirai exhales shakily]
[Mirai] I don't believe this.
Saki shot me with a Red Arrow.
She's a God candidate, too.
[Revel] Good. Now he's
madly in love with her.
Even though I've been shot,
I'm aware of what happened.
But since I had feelings
for Saki, nothing's changed.
Truth is, I like you.
I love you, Saki!
[opening theme music]
I love you. I've
always loved you!
[gentle music]
Saki? What is it?
I don't get it! Why
do you look so down?
Why are you making that
sad face? Talk to me!
You know I'll do
anything for you.
[Revel] Saki. Do what
I told you to do.
Mirai, tell me.
Do you have Wings?
Saki...
Mmm. It's true.
Good. As I suspected.
Do you remember where I live?
Of course! I love you!
[Saki] My room's
on the third floor.
You can come in
through the window.
Make sure no one sees you,
and wait there for me.
Yeah? You're sure?
[Saki] I'll come meet you there
right after the
entrance ceremony.
All right.
I'll be waiting. See you then!
I love you, Saki!
I love you so much!
You really have to wonder
what his angel is up to.
She's nowhere to be seen.
Well, it does make it
more convenient for us.
[tender music]
--[Mirai exhales]
--[heartbeat thumping]
[Mirai] I can't believe
I'm here in Saki's room,
waiting for her to
come and join me.
Saki. She's all I can think
about all of a sudden.
I'm feeling so happy.
--[door clicks]
--[Mirai gasps]
Saki!
I can't even express
how much I love you.
Looks like we're both
in the same homeroom.
[gasps] Are you sure?
Hmm. The Red Arrow
seems to be working.
Because of that, he'll answer
any question you ask him.
That's good for us.
At this point, ask
him if his angel
is first-rank or second-rank.
What rank is your angel, Mirai?
Special-rank, I think.
Special-rank? Saki, ask
him if he has White Arrows.
Does that mean you
have White Arrows?
Yeah. I said I didn't
want them, though-
Hold on there, mister!
Are you Metropoliman?
What? Absolutely not!
[Revel] Yeah. I guess that
would be too good to be true.
No, wait. It's better
that he isn't that guy.
--Hmm. [exhales]
--Huh?
Listen to me carefully.
This is important.
Saki has no Wings and
can't dodge Arrows.
I want you to act
as Saki's Wings.
--Her Wings?
--Yes.
Some of the God
candidates are dangerous.
I want to protect Saki.
Saki...
Of course I'll do it.
I will! I will be Saki's Wings.
That's good.
There's no telling when
you might have to swoop in.
You should practice
flying with her.
Yeah, but how?
You need to start
by touching hands.
[Mirai] Are you sure?
[soft music]
[Mirai gasps]
This is great.
Her hand is so small
and soft and warm.
Now connect both armbands.
They serve as a lifeline.
That won't come undone unless
both of you will it to.
Now get behind her
and hold onto her.
How do you mean? Oh!
It's like we're dancing.
Ready? Can I take off?
[Saki gasps]
Wow. It's just me and Saki
up here in the endless sky.
--Are you afraid?
--No.
It's been a while
since we were together.
Our families used to get
together all the time.
Come on, let me
show you something.
Huh? [gasps]
[rousing music]
[Saki exhales]
Saki, talk to me.
You can tell me
what's bothering you.
I want to help you.
I'd do anything
to see you smile.
Thank you, Mirai,
but it's a personal problem
I can handle on my own.
--It'll be fine.
--Are you sure?
I am glad I got the opportunity
to talk to you today.
It cheered me up
for a little while.
Good, I'm glad.
You had a successful
flight. That's encouraging.
Saki's lack of Wings won't
be such a weakness anymore.
[smartphone buzzes]
[Saki] Metropoliman News.
[Mirai] Metropoliman News?
Yes. My angel says I should
try to keep tabs on him.
Right, Revel?
It appears Metropoliman
apprehended a slasher.
He's appearing on
Sakura TV at 6:00 pm.
We'd better watch.
Metropoliman's our biggest
cause for concern at the moment.
Let me explain why I'm worried.
In the past, the
new God was chosen
after an impartial evaluation
of each candidate's
personality and behavior.
But Metropoliman disagrees.
To draw out the
other candidates,
Metropoliman's been posing
as a hero of justice.
In the process, he's
been winning over
the media, the public,
and the police.
He intends to kill
the other candidates
so that he can become God.
That kind of thinking
doesn't befit
a person competing
for that position.
Someone needs to make sure
his plan fails. It's critical.
His angel is special-rank,
which means he has White Arrows.
Before long, Saki
will be in his sights.
What? No!
I can't let Saki die. I can't!
I'll deal with it.
I'll go to Sakura
TV and stop him.
[Revel] You could be putting
yourself in great danger.
I'm prepared to do
whatever it takes.
And by that, you mean?
Sacrificing myself!
I'm willing to die
to protect Saki.
[Nasse] Don't do that!
[Mirai] Nasse.
You were late and I got worried,
so I came out here to find you.
You're not thinking
clearly, Mirai.
Tch.
Revel's been manipulating you
because you let Saki hit
you with a Red Arrow.
Wrong game plan!
It's fine. I'm happy to do this.
[Revel] Special-rank is reserved
for angels who have an
exceptional quality.
In Nasse's case, it's purity.
She could be my most
challenging opponent.
But if I look at it another way,
she could end up being
the easiest to manipulate.
Even if you go
there and see him,
do you think Metropoliman will
even bother talking to you?
I don't know.
You might end up trying
to kill each other.
If the current
owner passes away,
Wings and Arrows can be
transferred to someone else.
--Huh? Nobody said that.
--It's true.
So if you were to die somehow,
your Wings and Arrows could
be transferred to Saki.
Or this.
If Metropoliman were to die,
you could take his
Wings and Arrows
and be free to
give yours to Saki.
Revel must be hoping one of
these scenarios takes place.
You've lost the ability to
think about this rationally
because of the
Red Arrow's power.
--Even so.
--Mirai.
Don't go.
Excuse me?
It's the last thing
you should do.
[Mirai] Right.
--[Nasse giggles]
--[Revel groans]
Well, fine. I thought
it was a plan
that would ultimately
solve a lot of problems.
My bad. Sorry about that.
Revel, this is why people call
you the Angel of Trickery.
Couldn't they call me
a strategist instead?
You're still second-rank
because you're not that smart.
Bottom line, all 12
angels are trying
to make their chosen
human the next God,
and there's no telling
what methods they'll use.
That's right, just like you.
Regardless, since we're in
this situation, I believe
it would be in our best
interests to work together.
How would that be?
What? Wait.
You really expect
me to work with him?
The guy who tried to
send me off to my death?!
There's no telling what
you'll try to do to Saki
once the power of
the Arrow wears off.
Mirai wouldn't ever
do anything to Saki.
After all, he's had feelings
for her his whole life.
Nasse!
What? Really?
Even more reason to use
his Red Arrow on her.
Except he won't.
And even if he did,
he would never do
anything inappropriate.
He loves her too much for that.
You can at least believe
that about him, right?
Your argument does have merit.
But in that case, I expect
you to trust me, as well.
We're fine with that.
Now, hold on a
minute. I'm not sold.
It'll be all right.
Angels aren't allowed to
harm the God candidates.
But what's more important
is, Saki needs Wings.
For Saki's sake, it's fine.
If it allows me to protect her
and we can then both
be happy together,
I'll do anything.
The Arrow's power is amazing.
He doesn't usually
say stuff like that.
[Mirai] What? You
want me to live here?
Well, of course I do.
It's the only way to do the job
if you're protecting Saki.
All right. I guess I don't mind.
--Okay with you?
--Yeah.
Until a new God is chosen.
[Mirai] Oh, Saki!
--[sirens wailing]
--[cars whooshing]
[Officer] Stop the vehicle!
Pull over to the curb and
keep your hands on the wheel!
[criminal snickers]
[wheels screeching]
Serves ya right!
Huh?! What the hell?
[heroic music]
[Officer] What happened
to all that attitude
you had earlier?
I'm sorry, officer. I surrender.
--[reporters clamoring]
--Great job, Metropoliman.
First, you stopped the slasher.
Today, you caught the
dealer who sold him drugs,
and you did it all without
causing any casualties.
[Metropoliman] It was the
right thing to do. Farewell.
[Reporter] When will
we see you again?
Um, live from the scene,
that was Metropoliman,
a hero of few words.
Ugh, these criminals
are a distraction.
They're not the ones I want!
I really just need to kill the
other 11 candidates, right?
Yes. I believe that's the
most comprehensive solution.
And the most effective.
[Kanade] It's already
been over a month.
[Metropoliman] To the
remaining 11, I say:
come take me on, if you dare!
No one's come for me yet.
Instead, I've become
a tabloid hero.
Look at all this coverage.
If things don't change
and this ends up sending
me straight to Hell,
I'm not going to be laughing.
The other 11. Do you think
they're that scared of me?
They're probably afraid
of getting killed.
[Kanade] Afraid of
getting killed, huh?
In that case...
[suspenseful music]
[Revel] Hmm.
[Nasse] See?
He hasn't changed,
even though the Arrow's
effects have worn off.
I told you tying him up
wouldn't be necessary.
[Revel] Well, better
safe than sorry.
[Saki] I apologize. Sorry.
Hmm. It seems Mirai does have
genuine feelings for Saki.
He can't even stop blushing.
I'm glad you shot me, Saki.
I got to tell you how I
feel and then act on it.
It helped me realize
how important it is
to be upfront and honest.
Not to mention, of course,
I experienced the joy of
being together with you.
All that, but you won't
tell her you love her?
Give me a break, will you?
I think someone
like Metropoliman
who threatens our happiness
is unfit to become God.
I agree with you.
God's always been the one who
leads people to happiness.
He should never be the one
who threatens to destroy it.
Metropoliman can't be allowed
to interfere with our lives.
That goes for my happiness
and Saki's as well.
Or more specifically, my desire
to find happiness with Saki.
Mirai.
Listening to you
speak has made me feel
like I have to search
for happiness, as well.
Exactly. We'll both
be happy together.
What? Oh, um, sorry, Mirai.
I didn't mean it would be
with you in particular.
Huh? Uh, of course!
Right, right.
Is that Arrow still
affecting you?
--[Mirai groans]
--[Nasse giggles]
[laid-back music]
[Saki chuckles]
[smartphones buzzing]
Both phones. Does that mean...
Yeah.
--I knew it.
--A live broadcast?
Hope he doesn't say
anything stupid this time.
We will now play the video
that was sent in to us.
[Metropoliman] Good
evening. I am Metropoliman.
Or rather, I am the hero
wearing the Metropoliman suit.
To my 11 challengers,
I realize now that
we're on the same side.
I considered you enemies before,
but in many ways, we
are kindred spirits.
--Huh?
--What? Excuse me?
[Metropoliman] I'm looking
for a peaceful resolution
to our differences.
Let's get together
and talk things out.
Talk what things out?
He must think we're
stupid or something.
It's obviously a trap.
[Metropoliman] I propose
we all meet at 3:00 pm
the day after tomorrow
to discuss the situation.
I've reserved Jinbo Stadium,
and I'll be waiting for you.
That's the whole thing.
He's invited the others to
establish a peaceful alliance.
Now, what's that all about?
And why'd he pick Jinbo Stadium?
It doesn't have a roof.
Candidates with Wings
could show up at any time.
Then flee at any time.
He's making it as accessible
as he can so people attend.
You're right.
He's probably assuming
lots of people will come
just to see what happens.
He wants candidates to
think they'll blend in
so they won't be identifiable
in the middle of the crowd.
You're right. He set up a trap.
Day after tomorrow is
too short a notice.
Candidates without
Wings couldn't--
[Revel] They're all in
Japan. It's not an issue.
Huh?
Oh, Nasse, did you
forget to tell the boy?
Uh, you mean the
statistical conundrum
that even though this
country is fairly prosperous,
a lot of people commit suicide?
That one?
Yeah, that's right,
something like that.
You figure if we go,
Metropoliman will attack
us with White Arrows?
I think that's his
primary mission.
I agree, I can't believe
he'll just talk to us.
A stadium's an odd
place for a chat.
[Mirai] Hmm.
Mirai, you're not thinking
about going, are you?
I'm sure someone will broadcast
it live on television.
I believe our best option
is to stay here and watch.
[Mirai] Hmm.
--[thrilling music begins]
--[helicopter rumbling]
The question is,
what are we about
to witness on the
ground at Jinbo Stadium?
Sakura TV is here to bring
you the whole thing live.
I, Demakawa, and the
leading self-proclaimed
Metropoliman analyst, Mr.
Masayoshi, are in place.
We will both be
walking you through
this exclusive
broadcast as it happens.
[Mirai] I see angels.
There are definitely
other God candidates here.
I wonder how many
are already here.
[Metropoliman] Let's get
together and talk things out.
[Mirai] I doubt he's planning
to talk anything out.
Mirai.
Don't look up. It's
a real giveaway.
Right.
You shouldn't react to things
only God candidates can see.
That's what Revel had said.
You're actually planning to go,
even though it's
probably a trap?
I'll be extra cautious
because it's a trap.
And I might just pick
up something useful
while I'm there.
You'll be exposing yourself,
but if you insist on going,
you shouldn't react to things
only God candidates can see.
Also, you may have
to leave quicker
than the human eye
can follow, so--
I'm aware.
I promise I won't do
anything unnecessary
that might draw
attention to myself.
However, if I have
the opportunity
to shoot him with a Red Arrow...
[drones whirring]
It's all right.
It's only natural to look up
at the helicopters and drones.
They're broadcasting
everyone on TV.
He's probably
scanning the images
to try and identify his targets.
We just have to blend in and
be two faces in the crowd.
Right, and while
discussing these topics,
we definitely need to
keep our voices down.
Yeah.
[Demakawa] The crowd
is eagerly anticipating
the arrival of Metropoliman.
Will there be a confrontation
between him and the
11 other challengers,
whom he once referred
to as his enemies?
Saki.
Everyone here is on high alert.
As an indication of just
how high, it's the police,
rather than security guards,
who are monitoring the event.
Okay, it's nearly 3:00 pm,
the meeting time
set by Metropoliman.
Ten!
--Nine! Eight! Seven!
--A countdown has begun
--inside the stadium.
--Six! Five! Four!
Three! Two! One!
[air whooshing]
Bingo.
[Demakawa] He's here! He's
arrived exactly on time!
--It's Metropoliman!
--[crowd roaring]
--What the hell?
--Who are those guys?
[Audience Member]
Where'd they come from?
Two mysterious figures
have suddenly appeared!
That's unbelievable!
It's Metro Blue and Yellow!
[Demakawa] In a
stunning development,
Metro Blue and Yellow have
now joined Metropoliman
in the skies above the stadium!
--Look, Mirai.
--Yeah.
They have Wings and Red Arrows.
Only first-rank angels
or higher have both.
Do they intend to shoot him?
Are they going to fight?
I don't get it. Why isn't
he activating his Wings?
[Saki] Mirai!
[thrilling music continues]
[Mirai] The Red Arrow
can't pierce his armor!
--[thrilling music drops off]
--[closing theme music begins]
[machinery whirring]